minor edits (#10)
pat-s/2019-feature-selection: docs/00-manuscripts/ieee/ieee-manuscript.tex

All plots besides Luiando are located within 100 km from the coast (\autoref{fig:study_area}).
In total 1808 observations are available (Laukiz1 = 559, Laukiz2 = 451, Luiando = 301, Oiartzun = 497).
Field surveys were conducted in September 2016.
Defoliation was assessed visually in the field by experienced forest pathologists using an established field protocol.

> Values were recorded at three levels of the tree and combined into an overall percentage. No estimation error was recorded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values were recorded at three levels of the tree and combined into an overall percentage.
No estimation error was recorded.
```

\section{Radiometric, Geometric and Atmospheric correction of hyperspectral data}

The following information was provided by the Institut Carogràfic i Geològic de Catalunya, which was in charge of image acquisition and data preprocessing.

\textbf{Sensor Characteristics}

\begin{quote}

> The AisaEAGLE II sensor was used for airborne image acquisition with a field of view of 37.7°.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AISA EAGLE-II sensor was used for airborne image acquisition with a field of view of 37.7°.
```

that's how it is written in the manuscript in the "data" section

Its spectral resolution is 2.4 nm in the range from 400 to 1000 nm.

> \end{quote}

Reviewer: I would move this part into section "Hyperspectral data" after merging.

What is the motivation to quote this part?
